first get you ingredients to hand eggs
should be out of the fridge and at room
temperature soaked saffron in warm water
saffron is the most expensive spice in
the world made from the dried stigma of
crocus flowers but even a pinch gives a
fantastic taste and a wonderful color
next separate three eggs put the yolks
into a mixing bowl add Dijon mustard
finely chopped garlic the drained
saffron and a squeeze of lemon
then mix whisking constantly and oil
slowly it won't take forever for perfect
flavor use half olive oil and half
vegetable oil
where the mayonnaise comes together
season a smooth thick consistency means
it's done
top with saffron
rich delicious and perfect with
everything from seafood to sandwiches
and chips
my sister cools down even more and then
combined start mixing that in it's
reading three fingers one in front two
behind and this part of the knuckle